# 271. Encode and Decode Strings.

## Problem

Design an algorithm to encode a list of strings to a string. The encoded string is then sent over the network and is decoded back to the original list of strings.

Machine 1 (sender) has the function:
```
string encode(vector<string> strs) {
  // ... your code
  return encoded_string;
}
```

```
Machine 2 (receiver) has the function:
vector<string> decode(string s) {
  //... your code
  return strs;
}
```
So Machine 1 does:
```
string encoded_string = encode(strs);
```
and Machine 2 does:
```
vector<string> strs2 = decode(encoded_string);
```
strs2 in Machine 2 should be the same as strs in Machine 1.

Implement the encode and decode methods.

Note:
The string may contain any possible characters out of 256 valid ascii characters. Your algorithm should be generalized enough to work on any possible characters.
Do not use class member/global/static variables to store states. Your encode and decode algorithms should be stateless.
Do not rely on any library method such as eval or serialize methods. You should implement your own encode/decode algorithm.

## Solution


### Idea 1: Since it is not allowed to use a global variable, then the first idea came to mind is to use a way to record the length
of each string in the list, and add them to the beginning of each string + ":". For example: `["hi","Karin"]` => "2: hi 5: Karin"

### Idear 2: Apparently it is not needed to record the length of each string, because we still need to find a way to split each string 
properly as well as keep an eye on not to confused with the original string (eg. the original string contains "3: acaefac")

Thus just use `" | "` to split each string is enough. Also at the same time replace "|" in the original string to "||", change back when decoding.
**Note: There are spaces on both sides and this is crucial**

```
class Codec:
    def encode(self, strs):
        return ''.join(s.replace('|', '||') + ' | ' for s in strs)

    def decode(self, s):
        return [t.replace('||', '|') for t in s.split(' | ')[:-1]]
```



